docs(angular): minor issues with Nx Console docs and icon loading (#6295)
nrwl/nx: docs/shared/console.md

### True UI for Nx

> Nx Console is the UI for Nx. It will work for any generator or any architect commands. Nx Console does not have a specific UI for, say, generating a component. Instead, Nx Console does what the command-line version of Nx does - it analyzes the same meta information to create the needed UI. This means that anything you can do with Nx, you can do with Nx Console. After all, Nx Console is the UI for Nx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nx Console is the UI for Nx. It works for any generator or any architect commands. Nx Console does not have a specific UI for, say, generating a component. Instead, Nx Console does what the command-line version of Nx does - it analyzes the same meta information to create the needed UI. This means that anything you can do with Nx, you can do with Nx Console. After all, Nx Console is the UI for Nx.
```

#### Run

> The `Run` action allows you to choose a executor command and then opens a form listing out all the options for that executor. The frequently used executor commands `build`, `serve`, `test`, `e2e` and `lint` also have their own dedicated actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Run` action allows you to choose an executor command and then opens a form listing out all the options for that executor. The frequently used executor commands `build`, `serve`, `test`, `e2e` and `lint` also have their own dedicated actions.
```

#### Projects

> Clicking on the name of any project will navigate to that project's definition in the `workspace.json` (or `angular.json`) file. Clicking on the name of any executor command will navigate to that executor command's definition in the `workspace.json` (or `angular.json`) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking on the name of any project navigates to that project's definition in the `workspace.json` (or `angular.json`) file. Clicking on the name of any executor command navigates to that executor command's definition in the `workspace.json` (or `angular.json`) file.
```

> Clicking the ![refresh-light.svg](./refresh-light.svg) icon next to the `PROJECTS` header will repopulate the Projects pane from the `workspace.json` (or `angular.json`) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking the ![refresh-light.svg](./refresh-light.svg) icon next to the `PROJECTS` header repopulates the Projects pane from the `workspace.json` (or `angular.json`) file.
```

> Clicking the ![folder-light.svg](./folder-light.svg) icon next to a project will reveal that project's folder in the VSCode Explorer pane.

Author: This doesn't work, but neither did what was there before.

What's the correct approach for this?

Reviewer: You may need an absolute path here to `/shared/folder-light.svg`. I think that images not working is an existing issue for PR previews.

Author: Seems like it also isn't working. Even locally. I'm wondering if it's because it's an `svg` and not a `png` or similar image type.

Author: docs check is saying `/shared/{filename}.svg` are invalid links

> Clicking the ![folder-light.svg](./folder-light.svg) icon next to a project will reveal that project's folder in the VSCode Explorer pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking the ![folder-light.svg](./folder-light.svg) icon next to a project revealss that project's folder in the VSCode Explorer pane.
```

> Clicking the ![continue-light.svg](./continue-light.svg) icon next to a executor command will execute that command without prompting for options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking the ![continue-light.svg](./continue-light.svg) icon next to a executor command executes that command without prompting for options.
```
